The following is a conversation with Stuart Russell. He's a professor of computer science at UC Berkeley and a coauthor of a book that introduced me and millions of other people to the amazing world of AI called Artificial Intelligence, A Modern Approach. This is the Lex Fridman podcast

The following is a conversation with Ray Dalio, his second time on the podcast. He is a legendary investor, founder of Bridgewater Associates, author of a book I highly recommend called Principles,and also a new book called Principles for Dealing with a Changing World Order. This is the Lex Friedman podcast

The following is a conversation with Nick Lane, a biochemist at University College London and author of some of my favorite books on biology, science, and life ever written, including his two most recent titled Transformer, The Deep Chemistry of Life and Death, and the vital question, why is life the way it is? This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Rana L. Kliubi, a pioneer in the field of emotion recognition and human centric artificial intelligence. She is the founder of Effectiva, deputy CEO of SmartEye, author of Girl Decoded ,and one of the most brilliant, kind, inspiring, and fun human beings I've gotten the chance to talk to. This is the Lex Freidman podcast

The following is a conversation with Jordan Peterson, an influential psychologist, lecturer, podcast host, and author of Maps of Meaning, 12 Rules for Life,
and Beyond Order. This is the Lex Freidman podcast

He has written several books I recommend, including The New Economics and Manifesto and Debunking Economics. This is the Lex Friedman Podcast.

The following is a conversation with Jack Barsky, a former KGB spy, author of Deep Undercover and the subject of an excellent podcast series called The Agent.

The following is a conversation with Neil deGrasse Tyson, astrophysicist and author of Astrophysics for People in a Hurry. This is the Lex Freedman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Dan Brown, bestselling author of The Da Vinci Code and Inferno. This is the Lex Fredman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Eric Schmidt, former CEO of Google and co-author of The New Digital Age. This is the Lux Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Steven Pinker, cognitive psychologist and author of The Blank Slate and Enlightenment Now. this is the Lex Reedman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Michelle Obama, former First Lady of the United States and author of Becoming, and this is the Lux Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Elon Musk, entrepreneur and CEO of SpaceX and author of Fuck Trump. 

The following is a conversation with J.K. Rowling, bestselling author of the Harry Potter series. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Noam Chomsky, linguist and author of Manufacturing Consent. This is the Lex Fridman podcast

The following is a conversation with Yuval Noah Harari, historian and author of Sapiens and Homo Deus, This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Edward Snowden, former NSA contractor and author of Permanent Record, This is the Lex Fredman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Susan Cain, author of Quiet, The Power of Introverts in the World That Can't Stop Talking, and her most recent book, Bittersweet, How Sorrow and Longing Make Us Whole. This is the Lex Readman podcast

The following is a conversation with Jonathan Reisman,a physician and writer of The Unseen Body, a doctor's journey through the hidden wonders
of human anatomy.

The following is a conversation with Angela Duckworth, psychologist and author of Grit, The Power of Passion and Perseverance. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Yuval Levin, political philosopher and author of A Time to Build, The Case for Revitalizing the Civic Sphere. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Maryam Mirzakhani, mathematician and the first woman to win the Fields Medal. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Fei-Fei Li, computer scientist and pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Margaret Atwood, author of The Handmaid's Tale and many other books. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Adam Grant, organizational psychologist and author of Originals, Give and Take, and Think Again. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Sarah-Jayne Blakemore, cognitive neuroscientist and author of Inventing Ourselves, The Secret Life of the Teenage Brain. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Michael Pollan, journalist and author of The Omnivore's Dilemma, How to Change Your Mind, and This is Your Mind on Plants. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Jane Goodall, primatologist and anthropologist known for her groundbreaking work studying chimpanzees. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.

The following is a conversation with Sam Harris, neuroscientist, philosopher, and author of The End of Faith, Free Will, and Waking Up. This is the Lex Fridman podcast.
